Hey, guys, what's up?
This is American, and I welcome you to another tutorial on this course on Ruby.
And in this video, we are going to be covering a very important and interesting topic that is about
taking input from users.
So I guess I don't have to talk a lot about this.
Let's just go to a quick example for how this is going to be done so that what you need to watch here
is basically a command line.
But what kind of command line do you need?
Do you need a window line command line?
Or you have this Ruby command line that is already running away here.
So what do you actually need?
Our help?
Basically, what we need is a command line that is going to run on this very same ed we have right here
now how this is going to be done.
But do you have to do is that just going to fly and going to the settings, going to the install and
you have to search for a package that is a platform you dash.
I'd eat the term.
You know, when you search for this, you have to wait before it complete its search.
And right here, I guess it is.
Yes.
As you can see at the very top, we have the platform ID terminal.
And as you can see that I have already installed it on my system.
That's why you can just see the uninstall and the disable button for you.
It will have this kind of installed button.
Just click on it and it will install the platform for ID terminal on your system.
And what this is basically this is basically a terminal.
You may see a command line terminal that is basically present on the ED right here in your atom.
And you can run your ruby files right from this terminal.
So after you have successfully installed platform ID terminal on your system, just close the settings.
We don't need them anymore.
And now what are you going to do is that you can run your any kind of program using that terminal and
for example, I just say puts.
Analysts say, I just say hello, world, so simple enough, let's just spell it all right.
So when you have installed the platform ID terminal on your system, on the left hand corner, you can
now see this plus sign.
Just click on it, wait for a few seconds.
And what it is going to load is basically the current directory, and that is basically the working
folder we have added.
In my case, it is the downloads folder.
So that's why it has already opened this for me, for you.
Whatever folder you are working, it is going to automatically load that folder for you.
You don't have to just go and browse into that folder.
It will automatically open that folder and you can just give the instructions and command to run your
files.
Now, in the previous tutorials, what we have been covering so far, every kind of output was generated
right here on this Adam run.
But now we want to use that platform ID terminal we just installed so that what you hope to do is that
you have to run this first file dot RB.
Now, how that is going to be done, just type in Ruby and give us space and write the name of the file
you want to run to.
In my guess, it is going to be Ruby Space first file dot RB.
Just click, enter, and you can see that you have this output that is hella wide right here on your
terminal window.
So that's how basically you can just display some output using your terminal.
Now, how can you just take an input from the user, for example?
I have only this hello over here, and what I want is that I want to print this line, but before that
I want to just enter the name for which I want to add for example, I want to, let's say, have a name
here.
And I would just step in, get this gets, which means that I want the compiler or this editor and in
Agas this terminal, to ask me for the name which I want to enter and I want to print this name right
to Wahhab.
So I'm going to type in name Aubagio.
Now, what it is going to do is that it's going to ask me for the name first and I'm also going to specify
how.
What's.
Enter your name, so it is going to ask me for the name.
I'm going to enter the name due to this line that is name equal to gets and it is going to then print
out.
Hello.
And last name.
So now what we need to do is that you have to just right in Ruby first while R B click enter.
And as you can see that it has printed put enter your name and now the cursor is blinking, which means
that it won't need to enter some input.
Aubagio here.
So let's say I'm going to type in my name, click, enter, and you can see that the output has been
displayed because we have this line here that says hello and then we can GetNet, the name, whatever,
we have entered right over here.
So it has printed Hello Omar for me.
Now you can take in multiple inputs as well.
For example, I want to, let's say, have this name, then I want to say let's say puts.
Enter your, let's say, age, and I want to use a variable name equal to age, and I want to just write
and gets.
And now over here, what I'm going to do is that hello, Amir.
A bus operator.
You.
Ah.
Plus, and you have to specify the name of the variable that is each.
Years old.
And a space of here as well.
So now let's just try it again.
Just click, enter, and as you can see, it is me for the name, just click Romero here, click, enter.
And it is going to now ask for the second input that is the age.
Let's say I'm 25.
Click, enter.
And as you can see that it says hello, there you are.
Twenty five years old.
Now you can see one problem.
Well, that after taking every input, for example, after it displayed the first input it asks for,
that was the name.
It created a new line space.
And after that each.
It again created a new line and printed the output, whatever was after it, into a new line.
Now, if you don't want this thing, then what you can do is that you can just add see actual MP John-Paul
here.
And what job is going to do is that it is going to exclude the line space that has been added right
to a hill.
So now let's just run the score again, and you can just notice the difference yourself, type in the
name dyed in the age Clevelander.
And as you can see that now everything is on a single line.
Hello, Mario.
You are 25 years old.
So what Jump is going to do is that, as you have seen as well, that it is going to just eliminate
the line speed the line additions and the change of the new line, and it is going to display everything
in a single line.
If you don't want if you want everything, every input you give and you want to display that input in
a separate line, then you don't have to specify this jump or help.
But if you want to do it, you have to specify this.
John Bohle.
So this was a very, very basic concept of how to take input from the user and how to display it in
a single line and how to take in multiple input from the user and how to run the command line and run
your code.
So I guess that's it with this tutorial.
I hope you have understood this concept because.
A lot of things are going to be dealt using this, and we are going to see a lot of tutorials in which
you will have to take in some input from the user.
So you need to get on with this tutorial.
So I guess that's what this tutorial.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next Turrill.